We will continue to introduce the advanced equipment
All models are equipped as standard
City Emergency Brake 4
Even if it is a compact car, even if it is an entry model, it is all about safety
Accompanied by Volkswagen's policy of not compromise
Was done
For new type golf
We further enhanced this st emergency brake with white point
The latest pre-crash brake system
All models will be standard equipped with front assist plus
While this function is driving at 30 km / h or more, the vehicle can not be purchased and it is against
Gives a warning to the driver when he recognizes the danger of a collision
And at the same time the brake goes into standby mode and prepares in principle
If the driver still does not respond, the vehicle will automatically brake and cause a collision
Minimize the damage of
Also like this
A house with a tree that prevents 20 clashes in case of clashes in addition to the ability to maximize clashes
Police brakes were also adopted for all new golf models
This function is by the German Automobile Federation
Safety novation has been awarded a yellow soil
Forced braking immediately when getting involved in an accident greatly increases completion energy
To reduce
This can prevent secondary damage such as going out to the oncoming lane
One-fourth of personal injury is due to multiple collisions
There is also such Volkswagen internal survey data
So this function is extremely effective in order not to spread the damage in case of emergency
Only advanced grades are available for new golf
Adaptive cruise control with water 10 function in all speed range
I will set acc
This ecc is
Together and over distance drive at high speed make them comfortable and stress-free
Fatigue from frequent braking operations that often occur during slow speed traffic jams
I will reduce these things
And it is function to prevent lane May
Train assistant
It was installed on the windscreen camera running ejaculation constantly
By monitoring
If the car moves against the driver чев range, such as a stroke in the lane
It is a function to correct the trajectory of the vehicle by automatically correcting the steering in addition to the valley .
This time more
A new feature called the existing at the same time as a professional, and a loaf pan is also standard equipment in previous life
This is based on the collision of the seat belt in case the sensor billed danger from the behavior of the vehicle
At the same time as applying tension
All windows
And by automatically closing the sliding roof
Side or curtain
And it optimizes the effects of curtain airbags